this is the microsoft arc it's not out
yet but we do have a sample here to show
you today this is a wireless style that
works that's their little slogan for it
wireless pc and mac keyboard and their
their thing is ok yeah that it's style
that works so it's a stylish small
little keyboard that's meant to be I
would imagine well here's what I would
use it for ok I'm not going to tell you
what it's for cuz I don't know what they
intended for but I would use this from
the coach to control my media center
because it's exactly the kind of size
that you can comfortably put it in your
lap but still be able to comfortably
tight actually we'll find out if we can
comfortably type once I actually get it
out of the box but ok here we go why
don't we see what what Microsoft has to
say about it meet the art keyboard with
beautiful curves and a compact design
it's at home wherever you are ok so in
my case on the couch excellent you can
show it off clean lines and an
eye-catching shape compliment your style
here there anywhere something about
using it anywhere and be free also
something about using it anywhere they
have a little picture of the Nano
transceiver for wireless freedom ok so
let's find the seals and I do not have
anything even remotely resembling a
knife on me ah ok here hold on actually
just a sec I have a fork and I will just
use that to pierce the sticker and then
hopefully the whole sticker will come
away from for me and then we'll go from
there or i could just peel the sticker
bear with me here just going to peel the
sticker up because my fork has lasagna
on it and i think that that would be not
quite sanitary especially because like
well you know old lasagna isn't really a
very sanitary thing to put on stuff
that's my wisdom for the day
okay so here we are it is covered in a
little cloth chief that is to protect it
from scratches I'm assuming and also to
make the presentation of this is
actually excellent look at this so you
open up your box you get a little sheath
pocket envelope thing here made of like
a nice glossy material then you get oh
this is nice so this is would be a CD
and probably your users guide start here
helpfully labeled even so you right here
so this must be a quick start guide so
they show you how to put in the
batteries put in the wireless
transceiver and then press the buttons
in order to link it up oh cool oh that's
a neat system so basically to turn the
keyboard okay to turn the keyboard on or
off press and hold function and escape
until the battery light changes and then
that's it huh neato okay then you've got
a Microsoft product guide here which
probably did some warranty information
as well okay to triple-a batteries not a
big fan of triple-a batteries but when
you're trying to make a device as
compact as possible sometimes it's
unavoidable that's just it they're sort
of them more as expensive as double A's
and you don't get more battery life out
of them etcetera etc they're not really
my favorite thing but let's get this arc
keyboard out of here who that is nice
actually so you can see it has a slight
curve to it hence the name arc and on
the bottom is a cleverly designed little
compartment for the double or triple A
batteries to know I'm all screwed up for
the triple A batteries and then right
here is the little nano transceiver is
that I love it selden by a magnet look
at that so you never have to worry about
yeah it coming up as long as you know
you don't have a and curious toddler
that comes along and eats it anyway
that's really convenient and then the
top of the keyboard itself so I'm gonna
apologize in advance for the crotch shot
here I'm just gonna go ahead and put
this on my lap and actually that's not
bad you can comfortably reach all the
buttons it is a very standard layout so
you can see that you've got long shift
keys on both sides you've got a
in Turkey so it doesn't have any of the
weird bilingual keys that cut off your
shift or the the strangely located / key
that would cut your backspace down to
the point where I mean if you have small
hands reaching a backspace beyond about
here is completely unreasonable so yeah
I I personally hate the short backspace
key you've got all of your function keys
no you do not oh this is interesting
okay in order to save space what they've
done with the layout is a they've only
got one Windows key so there's no
windows key on the right-hand side
that's a function key oh and this
appears to be a mouse that is something
I didn't know that oh no these are your
arrows okay so here are all the things
that they've managed to make more
compact they've removed the Windows key
put in a function key they've turned the
control the right control into the arrow
keys which is a one d-pad button okay
then up here they've actually got f1 to
f6 and then you use the function key in
order to access f7 to f12 great that
works for me and then we've got all of
our home end page up page down and print
screen all in four buttons right here
and then they've even included media
buttons so you've got mute louder and
quieter and then delete an insert but no
no play stop pause that's a little bit
disappointing given what I personally
would be using something like this for
but I mean really if you have a media
center you should probably on one of
these already anyway it's like the most
useful fifteen dollars or whatever it
costs that I've ever spent on a hardware
component in fact I own three anyway
thank you for checking on my unboxing
and first look at the ark I still think
the coolest feature is the magnetic
transceiver that's so cool thank you
again for checking out my unboxing of
the Microsoft dark